Fix for TPZ command not accepting TRANSportalizers (#477)
mraof/Minestuck: CHANGELOG.md

- Cinnamon Sword

### Fixed

> - TPZ command now accepts TRANSportalizers and is no longer case sensitive

Reviewer: Just a personal taste, but I'd list them as two separate things

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- /tpz command now works with TRANSportalizers
- /tpz command code argument is no longer case sensitive
```
